MSRE multiphysics RZ model - Refs #311 (#312)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/msr/msre/msre_description.md

# Molten Salt Reactor Experiment (MSRE) Description

*Contact: Mauricio Tano, mauricio.tanoretamales.at.inl.gov*

*Model summarized and documented by Andres Fierro, Dr. Samuel Walker, and Dr. Mauricio Tano*

The MSRE was a graphite moderated flowing salt type reactor with a design maximum operating power of 10 MW(th) developed by Oak Ridge National Laboratory [!citep](Robertson1965).

> The reactor ran for more than 13,000 hours at full power before its final shut down in 1969.  The general layout of the experiment is shown in [MSRE_core_ref].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reactor ran for more than 13,000 hours at full power before its final shutdown in 1969.  The general layout of the experiment is shown in [MSRE_core_ref].
```

Author: Incorporated change on following commit.
